added/updated docs (#80)
ubccr/xdmod-appkernels: docs/ak-scheduling.md

> Appkernels execution can be scheduled with [AKRR](https://akrr.xdmod.org) command line interface (CLI) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
App kernel execution can be scheduled with [AKRR](https://akrr.xdmod.org) command line interface (CLI) 
```

> or with GUI using appkernel tab in the admin dashboard [ak-scheduling](ak-scheduling.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or with GUI using App Kernels tab in the admin dashboard [ak-scheduling](ak-scheduling.md).
```

At this point AKRR CLI provides more reach interface for group operation while GUI provides more fine control.

![Scheduling GUI](assets/images/scheduling_gui_small.png)

> Get into Schedule panel of appkernel tab in the admin dashboard (see figure above). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get into Schedule panel of App Kernels tab in the admin dashboard (see figure above). 
```
